Containerized PC tools image update. (#15353)
os-autoinst/os-autoinst-distri-opensuse: tools/pctools/README.md

PUBLIC CLOUD TOOLS IMAGE
========================

> A Public Cloud Tools image is used for specific tests for azure, amazon, openstack, ec2 and google CSPs.

Reviewer: It is a good habit to always establish the context of the repository to allow readers without prior background information to get a grasp what's going on here, e.g.

```suggestion
The Public Cloud Tools image is a modified SLES image with a pre-installed and configured set of various cloud related tools intended for testing of Cloud Service Providers (CSP) within openQA. It include various tools including command-line interfaces for Azure, Amazon, OpenStack and Google Compute Platform (GCP). This Dockerfile helps to generate the automatically generate the requirements for those utilities.
```

It is also a courtesy to the reader to always introduce abbreviations when used for the first time (or refer to a glossary).

From the Public Cloud main module **main_publiccloud.pm** setting PUBLIC_CLOUD_PREPARE_TOOLS=1 the *load_create_publiccloud_tools_image* routine is triggered; it calls **publiccloud/prepare_tools.pm**.

Here, the main tools are installed in a python virtualenv, based on the dependencies resources retrieved from the txt files in the folder `/var/lib/openqa/share/tests/opensuse/data/publiccloud/venv`.

The resulting qcow2 image, named as the parameter PUBLISH_HDD_1, is placed in the folder `/var/lib/openqa/share/factory/hdd`.

To use this new image in a proper test, assign the same name to the HDD_1 parameter and if the case set PUBLIC_CLOUD_SKIP_MU=1 too.

CSP CLI VIRTUALENV UPDATE
=========================

In order to update the dependency files in the virtualenvs, we use the following files:

- Dockerfile
- venv_inst.sh

The procedure is:

a) set the directory containing those files:
    
`% cd /var/lib/openqa/share/tests/opensuse/tools/pctools`

b) build the container using the current Dockerfile for BCI 15SP3 with python3:6 and assign a *name* for reference:

`% podman build . -t <name>` 

> c) run the container sharing the workdir with the SHARDIR defined in the Dockerfile, without other commands, so that the CMD instruction by dafault will copy here the files with the new versions:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
c) run the container sharing the workdir with the SHARDIR defined in the Dockerfile, without other commands, so that the CMD instruction by default will copy here the files with the new versions:
```
